 Issues
Economy
Achievements
Congress passed the One Big Beautiful Bill, thereby delivering the largest tax cut in American history, increasing Americans’ take-home pay by as much as $13,300, and terminating benefits for at least 1.4 million illegal immigrants who were gaming the system.
 Congress passed President Trump’s historic rescissions package, which will save taxpayers $9 billion in wasteful, politically-motivated funding for leftwing foreign aid scams and biased NPR and PBS.
 President Trump also issued a $5 billion pocket rescission using his authority under the Impoundment Control Act, cancelling government funding for woke, weaponized, and wasteful spending.
 The wholesale price of a dozen eggs is down 67%, or $4.39, since the inauguration and is down 74%, or $6.01, from its March peak.
 CEA: President Trump has created nearly 500,000 jobs since taking office, with all net job growth coming from the private sector and going to native-born Americans.
 Since President Trump took office, inflation is tracking at 1.9% — low and stable.
 Summer gas prices reached their lowest point since 2021, and, inflation-adjusted, are near a 20-year low. Labor Day gas prices also were the cheapest since 2020.
 President Trump’s deregulatory efforts have already saved Americans over $180 billion, or $2,100 per family of four, with the rollback of automobile-related rules alone expected to save consumers more than $1.1 trillion. Over the next fiscal year, President Trump’s deregulatory efforts will save American businesses as much as $5 trillion.
 Seven months in to President Trump’s second term, real wages for blue collar workers are up 1.4% over last year — the second-fastest increase for the start of a new term on record.
 Companies and foreign governments have pledged over $8.7 trillion in investments into the U.S.
 The Trump Administration will create tax-deferred investment accounts for ALL newborn American children. This will help set the next generation of Americans on a course for financial prosperity.
 In August, tariff revenues topped $31 billion — bringing the total to $158 billion this calendar year, or more than 2.5 times the revenue this time last year.
 The S&P500 and Nasdaq market indices have reached multiple record highs.
 The Congressional Budget Office – often partisan and left-wing – was forced to admit tariffs will reduce the deficit by $4 trillion.
 Mortgage rates fell to a 10-month low in August.
 The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit ruled that the Trump administration can proceed with the cancellation of $16 billion of Biden-era climate grants.
 Read about Energy achievements
 »
 Related
 Fact Sheet: President Donald J. Trump Addresses the Threat to National Security from Imports of Medium and Heavy-Duty Vehicles, Parts, and Buses
October 17, 2025
Fact Sheet: President Donald J. Trump Ensures Continued Accountability in Federal Hiring
October 15, 2025
Presidential Message on the Birthday of President Dwight D. Eisenhower
October 14, 2025

